In this video we'll let her out ESX I host logs and how we can export these logs and use them with VM
war support.
And that's the most common scenario in which you're going to be exporting these logs is a situation
in which VM war support has asked you to do so.
Right.
These logs are complicated.
They're hard to read.
They're hard to understand and most of the time your best bet if you're dealing with these logs is to
send a motive here or support most of the time if if they are working with you they're going to request
that you can export these logs and maybe even a log bundle and send them over to them as well.
And that's what the diagnostic bundle is.
It's simply a collection of all logs all of the troubleshooting information that V.M. or could possibly
need.
Often they'll ask you to generate a diagnostic bundle and send it over to them.
You can even upload them directly from the vees for a web client to a support request.
And so this is an old practice here with these fair and as you can tell by the number of the Knowledge
Base article this K.B. has been around for a long time.
Right.
Most of the cases now are six digits long.
This is a knowledge base article 6:53.
So this one has been around for a while.
Let's take a quick look at the Kaybee article that walks you through the process of uploading logs.
OK so here we see knowledgebase article 6:53.
We can see it's been updated as of February 2016 and if we scroll down a little bit you can see that
it walks you through a number of different processes for different versions of ESX high right and right
off the bat you're probably thinking oh here's the vees for a client.
That's not the kind of work for me.
No we're going to have to use a different method here.
So here's the method to obtain diagnostic information using the Vee's for a web client and you can see
it's very straightforward right.
You're simply going to go to hosts and Gloucester's you'll pick the host that you want to export the
logs from or you can pick an entire set for instance and on the right hand side you've got the actions
button.
Or you can even just right click the host or the V Center instance and go to actions.
And under all the center actions you'll find the export system logs action.
And what that will do is it'll give you a few options of what exactly you want to gather.
You know do you want to pull performance data or not.
At which point you'll generate the log bundle and that is simply the sender putting all of those logs
together once it's generated you have the ability to download it and from there you can upload the results
to VM were using their SFP or anti-peace site which is detailed and base article 1 0 0 8 5 2 5 that
that KB article will walk you through the process of actually uploading your diagnostic logs.
Really simple and straightforward process.
When you go to your support request you can choose the upload files option right.
And then you can simply upload all of your diagnostic logs to them.
You'll see this little progress bar going as they're being uploaded and when you're done you'll notice
that in your support request there will be an entry basically saying you know at a certain point in
time the requester up loaded the required support locks.